A lightweight pagination directive that is focused on ... providing pagination & will take care of visualising a pagination bar and enable / disable buttons correctly!

Pagination Settings
Settings can be provided as attributes in the <pagination> or globally configured through the paginationConfig.

ng-change : ng-change can be used together with ng-model to call a function whenever the page changes.

ng-model  : Current page number. First page is 1.

ng-disabled  : Used to disable the pagination component

total-items  : Total number of items in all pages.

items-per-page  (Defaults: 10) : Maximum number of items per page. A value less than one indicates all items on one page.

max-size  (Defaults: null) : Limit number for pagination size.

num-pages readonly (Defaults: angular.noop) : An optional expression assigned the total number of pages to display.

rotate (Defaults: true) : Whether to keep current page in the middle of the visible ones.

direction-links (Default: true) : Whether to display Previous / Next buttons.

previous-text (Default: 'Previous') : Text for Previous button.

next-text (Default: 'Next') : Text for Next button.

boundary-links (Default: false) : Whether to display First / Last buttons.

first-text (Default: 'First') : Text for First button.

last-text (Default: 'Last') : Text for Last button.

template-url (Default: 'template/pagination/pagination.html') : Override the template for the component with a custom provided template

Pager Settings
Settings can be provided as attributes in the <pager> or globally configured through the pagerConfig. 
For ng-model, total-items, items-per-page and num-pages see pagination settings. Other settings are:

align (Default: true) : Whether to align each link to the sides.

previous-text (Default: '« Previous') : Text for Previous button.

next-text (Default: 'Next »') : Text for Next button.

template-url _(Default: 'template/pagination/pager.html') : Override the template for the component with a custom provided template

ng-disabled  : Used to disable the pager component